W-15347589 Editing for clarity and style (#2539)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: object-store/1.2/modules/ROOT/pages/object-store-to-define-a-new-os.adoc

> = Define Object Stores Examples - Mule 4

Reviewer: This is from the Term Presentation Reference - I don't know if it applies to this doc:

object store (nonbranded: an object store, the Mule object store, the object store included in Mule...)
Object Store (branded internal service that does not require version)

:page-aliases: connectors::object-store/object-store-to-define-a-new-os.adoc

> You can define an Object Store globally in the app so it can be referenced by name and shared between multiple components, or you can create an Object Store for one particular component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define an Object Store globally in the app so that it can be referenced by name and shared between multiple components, or you can create an Object Store for one particular component.
```

> All Object Store operations can reference a global Object Store. For example, for an audit flow that verifies whether certain users are currently authorized, you can reference the Object Store that you defined:

Reviewer: "that you defined" - where was this object store defined? Maybe you can modify the lead-in a bit to say "...you can define and reference a global object store named `tokenStore`.

`<os:contains id="#[userId]" objectStore="tokensStore" />`

[[global_os]]
== Defining a Global Object Store

Using a global Object Store is ideal for:

* Sharing state across components
+

> Because the Object Store is referenced by name, more than one component can use it. Suppose you have a two instances of Salesforce Connector that are configured in slightly different ways. You can use both instances with the same tokens to avoid the need to reauthenticate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the Object Store is referenced by name, more than one component can use it. Suppose you have two instances of Salesforce Connector that are configured in slightly different ways. You can use the same tokens with both instances to avoid the need to reauthenticate.
```
```suggestion
Because the Object Store is referenced by name, more than one component can use it. Suppose you have a two instances of Salesforce Connector that are configured in slightly different ways. You can use both instances with the same tokens to avoid the need to reauthenticate.
```

> Because the Object Store is referenced by name, more than one component can use it. Suppose you have a two instances of Salesforce Connector that are configured in slightly different ways. You can use both instances with the same tokens to avoid the need to reauthenticate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the Object Store is referenced by name, more than one component can use it. Suppose you have two instances of Salesforce Connector that are configured in slightly different ways. You can use the same tokens with both Object Stores to avoid the need to reauthenticate.
```

Author: There is only one Object Store and two instances of Salesforce Connector that access the same Object Store.

> Because the object store is referenced by name, more than one component can use it. Suppose you have a two instances of Salesforce Connector that are configured slightly differently. You can use the same token for both Salesforce Connector instances to avoid the need to reauthenticate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the object store is referenced by name, more than one component can use it. Suppose you have two instances of Salesforce Connector that are configured slightly differently. You can use the same token for both Salesforce Connector instances to avoid the need to reauthenticate.
```

> * Sharing state across Cluster Nodes

Reviewer: Should Cluster Nodes be lowercase?

Author: Yep!

+

> Using Mule in cluster mode, to have information that is available to every node in the cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Mule in cluster mode to make information available to every node in the cluster. 
```

* Using information in your app's logic
+

> Object Store Connector is not only capable of defining the Object Store, it can also manipulate it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Object Store Connector can manipulate the Object Store as well as define it.
```

> Global Object Stores are defined as a top-level element with a name other components can reference. The following example creates an Object Store named `tokensStore` to store access tokens:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global Object Stores are defined as a top-level element with a name that other components can reference. The following example creates an Object Store named `tokensStore` to store access tokens:
```

> Global Object Stores are defined as a top-level element with a name other components can reference. The following example creates an Object Store named `tokensStore` to store access tokens:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define global Object Stores as a top-level element with a name that other components can reference. The following example creates an Object Store named `tokensStore` to store access tokens:
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<os:object-store name="tokensStore"
  entryTtl="1"
  entryTtlUnit="HOURS"
  maxEntries="100"
  persistent="true"
  expirationInterval="30"
  expirationIntervalUnit="MINUTES" />
----

* Persistence (`persistent="true"`)
+

> Values are stored in disk and can survive a system restart. Setting `persistent` to `false` results in a transient store that stores information only in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Values are stored on disk and can survive a system restart. Setting `persistent` to `false` results in a transient store that stores information only in memory.
```

* Expiration (`expirationInterval`)
+
An expiration thread runs every 30 minutes and discards the elements that exceed their time to live (TTL) or their `maxEntries` limit.
* TTL (`entryTtl`) of 1 hour
+ 
Because access tokens are highly sensitive, you might not want to retain them for more than an hour. Every entry that exceeds the value given in `entryTtl` is automatically deleted.
* Size limit (`maxEntries`)
+
Anything over the limit of 100 entries are discarded when the expiration thread runs.

> This example is for an in-memory Object Store and doesn't provide a recommended configuration for an Object Store that stores access tokens.

Reviewer: It is not clear what "This example" is referring to. If it refers to the one above, this should be moved before the example.

> Anything over the limit of 100 entries are discarded when the expiration thread runs.

Reviewer: Missed this before, but I pasted this into Grammarly, and it said to change "are" to "is." To me, that sounds funny, so maybe say "Each entry over the limit... is discarded..."

In xref:object-store::index.adoc[Object Store v2], unlimited keys are allowed. 

[[authentication-oauth]]
== Configuring Authentication through OAuth

> This example configures Salesforce Connector authentication through OAuth, then stores the token in the Object Store created in the <<global_os,previous example>> (`tokensStore`):

Reviewer: "...through OAuth, and then" or "...through OAuth and stores"

----

[[private_os]]
== Defining a Private Object Store

> Use a private Object Store for:

Reviewer: Suggestion:
Use a private object store when:

* The shared state...
* You don't want...

</idempotent-message-validator>
----

> The example provides the idempotent message validator with a custom store that only it can access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example provides the idempotent message validator with a custom store that only the validator can access.
```

Reviewer: It wasn't immediately clear whether "it" referred to the validator or the custom store.
